# Time and Vision Lab Group meeting record

## Meeting details

- Date: 16/2/26
- Time: 12:00 to 13:00 (UK)
- Location: GDC (1.21) or online (link if applicable)
- Chair: Aurelio
- Note-taker: N/A

## Attendees

- Aurelio
- Richard
- Liam
- Umul
- Nick
- Sky

## Apologies

- N/A

## Agenda

1. Notices and updates
2. Introductions (if any)
3. Progress round
4. Presentations and feedback
5. Actions and decisions
6. Any other business
7. Next meeting

## Notices and pinned items

Link any relevant pinned Issues or Discussions or files in `announcements/`.

- Notice 1: No Link yet, will fix, but discussion about social events committee 

## Progress round (brief)

- N/A

## Presentations and discussion

### Talk 1: Intro (Aurelio)
- Slides: `./slides/Lab_Meeting_16_Feb_2026.pptx`
- Summary: Recap and introduce Richard, and social events committee
- Key feedback:
  - Point
  - Point
- Follow-ups:
  - Item

### Talk 2: 2AFC paradigm adapation to social stimuli. (Liam)
- Slides: `./slides/Lab Meeting 16-2-26 exp discussion.pptx`
- Summary: 2AFC task adaptation. Previous task designed to unpick duration senstive neural channels by way of factor and PCA analysis on 5 levels of durations, from short to longer. Adapated to assess if social meaning (gaze) modulates the results found in the previous experiment. Dicscussed changes made to use social stimuli.
- Key feedback:
- Follow-ups:

## Decisions

Record decisions clearly and link to supporting context if needed.

- Decision 1:
- Decision 2:

## Action items

Use owner plus due date. If you track actions as Issues, link them here.

- [ ] Action: description (Owner, due YYYY-MM-DD)
- [ ] Action: description (Owner, due YYYY-MM-DD)

## Links and files

- Notes or minutes: `./notes/`
- Supporting files: `./files/`
- Relevant references (papers, prereg links, docs):
  - Link
  - Link

## Next meeting

- Proposed date:
- Proposed time:
- Proposed location:
- Proposed presenters (if known):
